good thing you remember that kids cannot
excrete name what a bummer to lose your
scanner the guy must be freaking out not
only is this online deck locked but he's
got opposed this sound greetings fellow
chaotic player I found your code scanner
not the one you have here on earth but
the one you use in a very chaotic place
if you know what I mean
which I think you do Kaz why don't you
just come out and tell the guy where you
how do I know who's looking over his
shoulder I have to keep things on the
down-low well I guess all we can do now
is wait
no messages yet maybe you'll never hear
from him who knows what happened maybe
sweet ride your kastanka Linkous get
cure yeah I know I'm Reginald tavington
my screen name's Reggie one I got here
as quickly as I could but it's quite a
trip from London
England's a long way to come for a
scanner it isn't just the scanner I'm
after I came to retrieve a bit of myself
you see
I received my password online about a
year ago I used it to transport my code
back and forth to chaotic almost daily
then about a month ago I transported my
code to chaotic as usual but my chaotic
self never transported back naturally my
online deck has been locked ever since
then I had another misfortune
they say it's unlikely I'll walk again I
can deal with that but the adventures my
chaotic self is having I need you to
help me experience them find me in param
and get my scanner to me so I can
transport back here and have the
memories of my lost adventures if you do
you can have any 10 cards from my
collection even my ultra rare ones done
but how do I find you I mean the you
that still the last time I transported
my code to chaotic I was going to see
Fratto at castle bodrum castle boring
it's a great location especially for
natural but it's hard to get to right I
won the castle Bertrand code in a
challenge match from a player with a
screen name
bruiser 33 the cards quite rare but this
bruiser said he didn't care because he
had another one ask around the port
court you'll find him